Let's see what's happening.
exactly
something neutral is good during the
time the confusion in the game exit of the
brazil pellets when
youth
thanks to fab the insulation cord
shortly
new information on confrontation between
brazilian fans of pelotas and
youth
it's a dream
now the military brigade arrives on site
where there was the confrontation between supporters
Brazil's pellets and youth ac
in the new hamburg stadium in the rolling
on- site
the fan is mostly easy but if they
take time and we here from Brazil that is
Difficult only is it possible Brazil
it was quiet Mayan timing what happened
So I was up there waiting for the
Brigadier told the lady I expected and
my niece most familiar and still
so our car is down there
elite because there do not talk to you because
home is there the beautiful house there 80 you are
Okay, do not expect just that in a corner
youth to complain I do not know what
and the brigadian of silage
Sir, I'm leaving when you adjust.
in cajias first thing that the brigade
with lam, thank you now and send it on me
the people inside but what happened
after your good whale son has a
The gas comes 12 for everything else
youth with stone can not help
the team run down the idea of
Xavante village and run there started I went
Because I have family at home.
there ne
here at that moment as you can see
a lot of policing making the exit of the
two twisted youths as well as the
brazil pellets after the confrontation
registered at the exit of the valley
in hamburg only looks to china
youth continues to policing here
Private today very flawed here in the open
two gates at the same time would not have
something else is going to happen a fight